---
layout: page
title: Training
date: 2010-09-16 14:46:50


status: publish
type: page
published: true

_






Business";s:67:"http://gamelinchpin.com/2014/12/building-the-creative-business.html";}s:4:"time";i:1422769708;}---
<span style="color: #000066; font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica;">
</span>
 I strongly believe that training and development are the key to ongoing
success for both myself and the people I work with.

I actively pursue continuous personal development on an almost daily
basis, mostly by learning from others, reading articles on the Internet,
in magazines and reading books.

I have also attended the following events as a company representative
due to my excellent communication skills, my ability to retain technical
knowledge and train other company members.

<div style="margin: 0px;">

I continually investigate relevant practises and technologies outside of
the obvious games industry elements and incorporate them into my work.
These include Marketing, Psychology, PR, Business Development, Software
Engineering and Business Management.

</div>

I  also have experience from many smaller courses including internal
training courses, Develop Brighton, Game Developer Conferences, IGDA
Leadership Forum and gaining the UK government Investors In People
accreditation.

<div class="separator" style="clear: both; text-align: center;">

[![](assets/investors_in_people_logo.jpg)](http://www.investorsinpeople.co.uk/)

</div>

<span style="color: #0b5394; font-size: x-large;">Business</span>
 <span style="color: #3d85c6;">Building The Creative Business – London Business School</span>
 This multi-faceted course was focused on Leadership (and people),
Strategy and Financial planning for creative businesses including
business plan production. It was aimed at Business leaders.

<div style="text-align: center;">

[![](assets/SchoolLogo.jpg)](http://bit.ly/cr78UU)

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">Media Communications</span>

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

I attended a short course on how to deal with interviews on Telephone,
TV and Radio ensuring that the most is made of the time and that your
message gets across effectively.

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<div class="separator" style="clear: both; text-align: center;">

[![](assets/header4_01.gif)](http://www.electricairwaves.com/adv_media_training.html)

</div>

</div>

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">Games Developer Conference, US</span>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

A 3-day international conference originally set in San José, California.
This is an extremely large conference with over 200 possible training
sessions to attend to over the duration of the conference. I learned a
tremendous amount from this conference and it improved my skill set in
all areas.

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">
 </span>

</div>

<span style="color: #0b5394; font-size: x-large;">Management</span>

<div style="color: black;
margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">Certified Scrum Master – Scrum
Alliance</span>

</div>

<div style="color: black;
margin: 0px;">

This short course taught me everything I needed to know about formal
Scrum project management, which I then used in the real world on real
projects.

</div>

<div class="separator" style="clear: both; text-align: center;">

[![](assets/scrummaster_certification.jpg)](http://www.scrumalliance.org/profiles/2460-simeon-pashley)

</div>

<div class="separator" style="clear: both; text-align: center;">

[![](assets/Simeon+Pashley-ScrumAlliance_CSM_Certificate+(1).jpg)](http://bit.ly/dbLBbM)

</div>

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">Effective Performance Appraisal – TACK
Training</span>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

This was a 2-day course set up specifically for Krisalis Software to
prepare its managers for installing, managing and running a staff
appraisal system.

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">Motivational Leadership – TACK
Training</span>

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

This was an external 3-day course that taught me how to better motivate
members of staff and how to get the best from teams that were my
responsibility.

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">Managing Projects Successfully – TACK
Training</span>

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

This 2 day external course taught me how to plan, schedule and manage a
project from start to finish in an efficient manner.

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #0b5394;"><span
style="font-size: x-large;">Platform</span></span>

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">Motorola Mobile, UK</span>

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

This 2 day event was to train and inform a select group of developers
about creating software for the next generation of mobile devices such
as mobile phones and PDAs.

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">PlayStation 2 Developer Conference,
UK</span>

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

These separate 2-day events (4 in total) were set up by SONY to train
developers on using the PlayStation 2 to it’s potential.

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

The first conference in 1999 was only open to a very small number of
developers that SONY themselves saw as ‘the cream of the development
community’.

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">
 </span>

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">PlayStation Developer Conference,
UK</span>

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

I was chosen to attend both separate 2 day conferences that were set up
by SONY to improve the development communities knowledge of the
PlayStation.

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

<span style="color: #3d85c6;">SEGA Saturn Developer Conference,
US</span>

</div>

<div style="margin: 0px;">

These separate 3 day developer conferences were sponsored by SEGA in San
Jose, California to improve the development communities knowledge of its
Saturn games platform.

</div>
