---
layout: page
title: Twitter Landing Page
date: 2010-07-01 22:26:22
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true


---
### Who is @gamelinchpin?

![](assets/SimeonAtBafta.jpg "Simeon At Game Bafta")Hi, Thanks for
clicking through from Twitter, let me share a little about me and the
site.

My name is Simeon Pashley and I'm the originator of Game-Linchpin.com
and @gamelinchpin on twitter. I also have a [personal
web-site](http://www.pashley.org), which is more like an online CV.

#### My Blogs

I started this blog about video game development in 2010 after I was
made redundant and found myself with time on my hands whilst I was
looking for a new job in games development.

I initially wanted to share what I've learned over the years of game
development and help the myriad of developers out there, hopefully
enabling them to gain more specific knowledge without the trial and
error of game development.

It was important to me to setup a blog that could represent multiple
people as I know there are a lot of people out there I can learn from
and they often go unheard as they battle away on the latest & greatest
games. I wanted to give them a voice too.

I was soon overwhelmed by the power of social networks and I rapidly
connected with many game developers out there in the real world,
learning more and more as I interacted with more people.

Over the last few months I've really enjoyed writing articles, meeting
people and trying to get people to contribute and share their knowledge.

#### GameLinchpin on Twitter

The feed on Twitter is a mixture if feeds from this blog, other things I
find around the 'net and also discussion between game developers across
the world.

I only engage with individuals who are involved in game development.
Indie games, AAA games, programmers, artists, freelancers, graduates
from a truly international audience.

You can find an ever changing dynamic list of amazing game developers on
my [Twitter Lists](http://twitter.com/GameLinchpin/lists).

### Connect

Thanks for visiting my about page – if you’ve not already don’t forget
to [follow me on Twitter](http://twitter.com/gamelinchpin) so we can interact there.

I hope you enjoy the site and find time to interact with a little
comment, tweet or any means of getting in touch. Your voice will be
heard by many developers.
