---
layout: page
title: Disclosure
date: 2010-06-11 14:11:26


status: publish
type: page
published: true
---
<div id="_mcePaste">

This policy is valid from 11 June 2010

</div>

<div id="_mcePaste">

This blog is a collaborative blog written by a group of individuals. For
questions about this blog, please contact  Simeon (at) gamelinchpin
|dot| com.

</div>



<div id="_mcePaste">

This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid
insertions or other forms of compensation.

</div>



<div id="_mcePaste">

This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in
honesty of relationship, opinion and identity. The compensation received
may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this
blog. That content, advertising space or post will be clearly identified
as paid or sponsored content.

</div>



<div id="_mcePaste">

The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products,
services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of
this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we
always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on
those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog
are purely the bloggers' own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or
other representation about a product or service should be verified with
the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

</div>



<div id="_mcePaste">

This blog does contain content which might present a conflict of
interest. This content will always be identified.

</div>

<div id="_mcePaste">

To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org

</div>

This policy is valid from 11 June 2010

This blog is a collaborative blog written by a group of individuals. For
questions about this blog, please contact  Simeon (at) gamelinchpin
|dot| com.

This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid
insertions or other forms of compensation.
 This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in
honesty of relationship, opinion and identity. The compensation received
may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this
blog. That content, advertising space or post will be clearly identified
as paid or sponsored content.

The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products,
services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of
this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we
always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on
those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog
are purely the bloggers' own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or
other representation about a product or service should be verified with
the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

This blog does contain content which might present a conflict of
interest. This content will always be identified.
