---
layout: page
title: Facebook Landing Page
date: 2010-07-03 17:20:59
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true

_




pashley";s:42:"http://gamelinchpin.com/about/about-simeon";s:8:"facebook";s:58:"http://www.facebook.com/pages/gamelinchpin/133379313340885";s:7:"twitter";s:31:"http://twitter.com/gamelinchpin";}s:4:"time";i:1422784191;}





---
### Who is @gamelinchpin?

![](assets/SimeonAtBafta.jpg "Simeon At Game Bafta")Hi, Thanks for
clicking through from **Facebook**, let me share a little about me and
the site.

My name is Simeon Pashley and I'm the originator of Game-Linchpin.com
and @gamelinchpin on twitter. I also have a [personal
web-site](http://www.pashley.org), which is more like an online CV.

#### My Blogs

I started this blog about video game development in 2010 after I was
made redundant and found myself with time on my hands whilst I was
looking for a new job in games development.

I initially wanted to share what I've learned over the years of game
development and help the myriad of developers out there, hopefully
enabling them to gain more specific knowledge without the trial and
error of game development.

It was important to me to setup a blog that could represent multiple
people as I know there are a lot of people out there I can learn from
and they often go unheard as they battle away on the latest & greatest
games. I wanted to give them a voice too.

I was soon overwhelmed by the power of social networks and I rapidly
connected with many game developers out there in the real world,
learning more and more as I interacted with more people.

Over the last few months I've really enjoyed writing articles, meeting
people and trying to get people to contribute and share their knowledge.

#### GameLinchpin on Facebook

The page on facebook is a great way to get the best out of the site,
with a mix of the twitter feeds, news feeds and also a hand-picked
collection of our best work.

I only engage with individuals who are involved in game development.
Indie games, AAA games, programmers, artists, freelancers, graduates
from a truly international audience.

**Connect**

Thanks for visiting my about page – if you’ve not already don’t forget
to [follow me on Twitter](http://twitter.com/gamelinchpin) so we can interact there.

I hope you enjoy the site and find time to interact with a little
comment, wall post or any means of getting in touch. Your voice will be
heard by many developers.
