---
layout: page
title: Advertise
date: 2010-06-09 18:33:13


status: publish
type: page
published: true
---
If you're interested in sponsoring/advertising on Game-Linchpin.com the
following guide should give you all the information required.

### Criteria

Game-Linchpin.com is looking to select sponsors who's presence will
benefit our membership. All advertisers should be able to demonstrate
that they have high standards and are related to Freelancing /
Contracting within the Video Games industry.

### Standard Advertiser

Branding is permitted in usernames and signatures for both of the above
options.

As an addition, real-time advertising statistics on
are available for viewing. We can also distribute an automated report on
a weekly/monthly basis if required.

Banners must be provided by the customer (acceptable specifications will
be provided). We do have some industry contacts if you require a banner
designing at additional cost.

### Acceptance Process

It has become apparent that perception of the sponsors on
Game-Linchpin.com is extremely important to the members, almost to the
point that the membership feel that being able to sponsor/advertise on
Game-Linchpin.com is a seal of approval for companies. Whilst not
strictly true, we feel this can only be a good thing, and is why we have
decided to introduce a written acceptance policy.

Your posts there are confidential with only you and the moderation team
able to view your request. It is advisable to submit as much information
about the business as possible to speed the process. Please also include
contact details. Your request will then be placed in a private staging
area where the entire team will discuss it for suitability, based on the
Criteria outlined below. Once a decision has been made, you will be
notified of pricing, payment options and the terms of the agreement.
Sponsorship/advertising will only commence once full payment has been
made for the selected sponsorship term.

### Termination

Game-Linchpin.com reserves the right to terminate the
sponsorship/advertising at any time without notice. Examples of this
could be consistently bad service, Game-Linchpin.com member complaints,
quality, and general behaviour. This is obviously not an exhaustive list
and each case will be considered individually.

On termination any monies paid in advanced will be refunded.

Kind Regards,
 Game-Linchpin.com Team
