---
layout: page
title: Manifesto
date: 2010-09-16 16:27:03
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true

_




_



description:


"-"




Manifesto";s:55:"http://gamelinchpin.com/2010/06/linchpin-manifesto.html";}s:4:"time";i:1422703612;}





---
The *The Linchpin Manifesto* take from Seth Godin's book '[*Linchpin: Are You Indispensable? How to drive your career and create a remarkable
future*](http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/0749953357/ref=as_li_ss_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1634&creative=19450&creativeASIN=0749953357&linkCode=as2&tag=gamedevelcons-21)' is something I truly believe in and affects every aspect of my life.

It was even the inspiration for my blog name and eventual online persona
'*GameLinchpin*' that has stuck with me.

<div
style="width: 90%;
background: white;
border: 1px solid black;
position: relative;
padding: 1.5em; margin-bottom: 1em; margin-top: 1em;">

### Yes. Now.

<div style="float: right;
margin: 0 0 0.5em 0.5em;
width: 100px;">

[![](assets/q?_encoding=UTF8&ASIN=0749953357&Format=_SL160_&ID=AsinImage&MarketPlace=GB&ServiceVersion=20070822&WS=1&tag=gamedevelcons-21)](http://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/0749953357/ref=as_li_ss_il?ie=UTF8&camp=1634&creative=19450&creativeASIN=0749953357&linkCode=as2&tag=gamedevelcons-21)![](assets/ir?t=gamedevelcons-21&l=as2&o=2&a=0749953357)

</div>

I am an artist. · I take initiative · I do the work, not the job. ·
Without critics, there is no art. · **I am a Linchpin. I am not easily
replaced.** · If it’s never been done before, even better. · The work is
personal, too important to phone in. · The lizard brain is powerless in
the face of art. · I make it happen. Every day. · **Every interaction is
an opportunity to make a connection.** · The past is gone. It has no
power. The future depends on choices I make now. · I own the means of
production—the system isn’t as important as my contribution to it. · I
see the essential truth unclouded by worldview, and that truth drives my
decisions. · I lean into the work, not away from it. **Trivial work
doesn’t require leaning.** · Busywork is too easy. Rule-breaking works
better and is worth the effort. · Energy is contagious. The more I put
in, the more the world gives back. · It doesn’t matter if I’m always
right. It matters that ***I’m always moving**.* · I raise the bar. I
know yesterday’s innovation is today’s standard. · I will not be
brainwashed into believing in the status quo. · **Artists don’t care
about credit. We care about change.** · There is no resistance if I
don’t allow it to defeat me. · I embrace a lack of structure to find a
new path. · I am surprising. (And often surprised). · I donate energy
and risk to the cause. · I turn charisma into leadership. · The work
matters. · **Go. Make something happen.**

</div>

### Professional Manifesto

#### 1. Provide a bridge between the outside world and the company

I aim to connect people who need connecting with authority and clarity.
I always represent the company, the project and its people in a
collaborative, positive and open manner.

#### 2. Deliver Unique Creativity

My extensive knowledge of computer video games, trust imparted by the
people I work with and my work ethic blend together to produce unique
ideas that no-one else will envisage.

#### 3. Manage situations and organisations of great flexibility

I can provide complete solutions for problems, clearly seeing simple
paths through the complex fog of development and provide direction for
the project and people. I have relevant experience of leading people &
managing organisations through times of great change and pressure to
reach our goal.

#### 4. Interact fluidly with customers

I aim to work pro-actively and closely with customers to ensure that
they are well-informed and their feedback is considered. I have direct
experience of working with real-world brands.

#### 5. Inspire Staff

I keep the team moving in the right direction, nudging, pushing and
coarse correcting to maximise everyone’s potential and ship the game. I
provide a good example to staff, sharing knowledge with them and
learning from them. I treat our collaboration with respect and trust.

#### 6. Provide Deep Domain Knowledge

I have a great deal of knowledge and expertise in making computer games
including commercial, people and, of course, production. My knowledge is
always up-to-date and I constantly acquire new understanding with every
book, technology, web-site, person I interact with and, of course, games
I make and play.

### Personal Stance

1\. **Be open, honest and transparent** in all actions and communication.
I say it like it is, good & bad and strive to provide solutions. There
is no hidden agenda and I always share everything.

2\. **Be conscientious**, working in computer games is much more than
just paying the bills for me. I love not only making and playing
computer games but also connecting with people at all levels.

3\. **Bring emotionally stability** to a wide variety of situations.
Engage with people and lead them through times of chaos and stress with
clarity and authority. I have experienced most situations, which enables
me to communicate from a genuine position of understanding.

4\. **Be flexible about the role**, I typically do whatever it takes,
within reason, to make the project successful. I have a broad range of
experience that enables me to understand and act across a variety of
roles.

5\. **Be reasonably priced**. Unlike a stereotypical freelancer, I don’t
aim to make an excessive amount of cash. I aim to add value in all my
interactions and I am pragmatic about roles I undertake. I also derive
value from the connections and knowledge acquired through our
relationship.

**References**

[button
link="http://www.amazon.co.uk/Seth-Godin/e/B000AP9EH0/?_encoding=UTF8&camp=1634&creative=19450&linkCode=ur2&tag=gamedevelcons-21"
color="orange" newwindow="yes"]Find out more about Seth Godin[/button]
