---
layout: page
title: Website Healthcheck
date: 2011-01-02 00:38:21
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true





slider_style: sample.css
slide_redirect_url: http://ringalpha.com/website-healthcheck/
description:










'9880'








---
![](assets/health-check.jpg "Website Health Check")

**Did you know that approximately 80% of your website visitors arrive
from a Search Engine?**

Appearing early & high in Search Engine Results Pages is absolutely
critical to bringing visitors to your site, this is what **Search Engine
Optimisation** (**SEO**) achieves.

When they arrive on your site, you need a great experience that's simple
to use in order to **convert your visitors into customers**.

Easy of use and user experience are absolutely critical to the success
of your site and it's important to **avoid over-complicating the
experience** with lots of gadgets, technology and graphics.

Contact us today for a [FREE Website Health Check](/contact)\

### Website Healthcheck Service

#### Keyword Research

![](assets/wordcloud_magnify.jpg)**Do your visitors find you by the
right keywords?** E.g., As a estate agent in Sheffield, you want people
to find you by searching for Â key words like *'sheffield estate agent'*
not by '*barnsley caravans*'.
 Our keyword research tells you which words are found the most across
your whole site and also what the value of these words are. How many
people search for '*birkenhead dog food*' every month?

You may be completely surprised to find that your site doesn't really
appear for the keywords you think it does. This is where Search Engine
Optimisation (SEO) makes a difference.

#### Website Ranking Check and Keyword Rankings

![](assets/rank_123.jpg) This establishes where your website is at the
moment; what search engines you appear on, which pages, how many people
link back to you, your Google Page Rank, how you rank for the most
popular keywords, how many competitors there are etc.

#### Clean Site

![](assets/checklist.jpg)This report will go through the technical and
design elements of your website, to highlight coding errors,
optimisation issues, graphic/image problems, browser compatibility and
user friendliness as well as suggesting any necessary improvements

Developing websites in accordance with the industry standards shortens
the development time and makes pages easier to maintain, update & debug.

Search Engines also lower your ranking if your website has **missing
images** or **
especially when your moving things around or adding new content.

**Spelling mistakes** also means people won't find you, e.g., did you
type '*electican*' where you meant '*electrician*'.

#### Website Performance

![](assets/stopwatch128.jpg)Making your website **pages load fast** is
not only important for your visitors but it improves your page ranking
on search engines. A classic mistake is to overload with lots of badly
compressed images, flash and scripts.

### Reporting Results

The information provided will give clear instructions so that you or
your current web administrator/builder can make the necessary changes to
the website. (Please note that in order to do so you will need suitable
web authoring software and be able upload files to your hosting server.
You may also require image software to optimise graphics.)

Alternatively we can provide you with an estimate to carry out the
changes on your behalf.

Contact us today for a [FREE Website Health Check](/contact)
