---
layout: page
title: Domain Names
date: 2011-04-10 16:15:48
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true



'yes'




description:

'0'





Design";s:37:"http://gamelinchpin.com/go/web_design";s:9:"ecommerce";s:42:"/web-design-packages/web-design-ecommerce/";s:7:"hosting";s:28:"http://ringalpha.com/hosting";s:6:"domain";s:22:"/hosting/domain-names/";s:11:"Web
Hosting";s:31:"http://gamelinchpin.com/hosting";}s:4:"time";i:1422760513;}





---
<div id="domains">

<div
style="float:right;
margin: 0 0 0.5em 0.5em; padding:0.5em;
border: 2px solid #800;font-size:1.2em;">

Find out about our latest domain name deals\
 [Domain Name Deals](/hosting2)

</div>

Amazing value domain names {style="clear:none;"}
--------------------------

Buy your domain name in confidence with our low prices and free
features. Our domain registration system is highly automated so we
register your domain names quickly with no fuss.

**Our fees are low all the time not just for special offers!**

  Domains                 Prices from
  ----------------------- -------------
  .co.uk, org.uk, me.uk   £8.99
  .com .net .org .biz     £11.50

Free with every domain name
---------------------------

We make domain name search and registration easy and all our domain
names come with useful free features, such as web forwarding and
unlimited email forwarding. Get these great features free with every
domain name...

Web Forwarding (multiple types)

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
Unlimited Email Forwarding

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
Catch-All Email Forwarding

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
Change Name Servers

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
No Fee For Changing Nominet Tag (UK domains)

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
Easily Change Domain Contact Information

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
Full DNS Management

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
Nominet Whois Opt Out

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
Manage Everything Online Easily

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
No Hidden Fees

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
Upgrade to Web Hosting Instantly

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
And Much More!

![Yes](assets/tick_med_green.gif)
Tips on choosing a domain name {style="padding-bottom: 15px;"}
------------------------------

### Keep it short, keep it simple

To find your site people need to be able to remember your address and
easily type it into their browser. Aim to register the shortest name
that your customers and visitors will associate with your website.

### co.uk, com, eu, net, org...?

It is a good idea to register several similar domain names, particularly
if you own a trademark for a certain name. If possible register the
.co.uk, .com, .eu and .net. These are the most popular domain names and
by registering all of them you can help to prevent cyber squatters and
losing traffic.

### Consider common typos

If you have a domain name that can easily by pluralised or miss-spelled
consider registering those as well to stop traffic going elsewhere.

### Don't shell out large amounts of money

Some companies still sell domain names for as much as £100 per year.
Make sure you are getting a good deal!

### Register your domain now!

You must register as soon as possible, or risk getting stuck with
"the-domain-name-that-no-one-wanted.net". You do not have to have a
Webmaster or an ecommerce department or a web design consultant... you
don't even need a web page. Simply search for your domain name and
register it yourself. Simple!

FAQs
----

#### How long will it take for my new domain name to become active?

Domains are registered as soon as you order them, however it can take
between 24 and 72 hours for a domain name to become visible on the
Internet as each DNS updates its database of domain names..

#### Can I buy a domain name, but not buy web hosting?

Yes, you do not have to buy the web hosting when you buy a domain name.
If you decide to add web hosting in the future you can easily upgrade
with one of our feature rich hosting packages.

#### Do I own the domain name?

Yes - unlike some companies we always register the domain in your name
or in your customer's name if you are working on someone's behalf.

#### Can I transfer the domain at any time?

Yes, you can, and we provide a control panel so that you can make these
changes yourself at any time and that's all included in the price.

#### Do I get a certificate of ownership for the domain I purchase?

In the past Nominet issued certificates as confirmation of the contract
that exists between Nominet and the registrant and this continued until
August 2003. Paper certificates and reply Forms have now been replaced
by an online system called Registrants Online.

</div>


