---
layout: page
title: Pay Per Click Management
date: 2011-01-03 00:55:50
categories: []
tags: []
status: publish
type: page
published: true





slider_style: sample.css
slide_redirect_url: http://ringalpha.com/pay-per-click-management/




description:









---
### How does Pay Per Click work?

**Pay Per Click** means that your business is at the top of a top Search
Engine, and more companies are seeing the results of investing in Pay
Per Click advertising.

![](assets/pay-per-click-graph.gif "Sales grow through pay per click")

The reason is that the more people search for a keyword that is in the
field of your business, they can see your advertisement immediately in
the Pay Per Click section of the specific search engine and this
ultimately generates interest.

Pay Per Click ensures your business is advertised on a top search engine
on the first page. This is especially effective if your business is
highly competitive and needs to bypass the competition for a spot on the
first page.

### Why pay for Pay Per Click?

The reason is simple. It will benefit your company with immediate
effect. With search engines being the biggest source for research and
contacts, there is no disputing that Pay Per Click can be a huge
advantage for a business’s marketing strategy.

![](assets/earth.gif "Pay Per Click global customers")You as a customer
also decide how much you wish to pay. The budget is in your hands. Once
you have decided the key phrases of your business, you need to set a
limit on how many people you wish to see your site, then budget for each
day.

This is not as complicated as it sounds, and don’t forget, even if you
have a low budget, being on the first page of a search engine is a hard
feat if not using Pay Per Click.

The key to successful PPC is to accurately measure the ROI of each
keyword or phrase you bid for, then reallocate your advertising spend
accordingly. It’s about making every penny of your budget work as hard
as possible.

Of course, if you would prefer to manage your own success, for a one off
fee we can set up an account which allows you to monitor how many Pay
Per Click’s you receive each day.

### Using us for your Pay Per Click service

If you are finding your business is competing with others of a higher
stature or you feel that something is needed to be done to boost general
interest, speaking to us can ensure that Pay Per Click will help boost
your business with managed SEO and constant contact to make sure you are
satisfied with the results.

When we create a PPC campaign our aim is not simply to drive traffic.
That’s easy. The secret is to attract the kind of visitors who are more
likely to convert into customers – which is where our experience can pay
dividends.
